hello girls very good afternoon
welcome to my channel this video is
to share some little gifts that I
they sent some friends and a prize that
I received a raffle and I'm going to start
quickly this gift with the command
my little friend Emily who is a beauty
of woman friend kisses and many
thank you, he sent me this one that he sent
some beautiful silver bracelets
I would be very cool to the troubled one
the same and it is very well beautiful thank you
little friend out there the proposal
it is very very beautiful, many, many, many
thank you and this one I'm going to show me what
sent my little friend angie castle
and there with her she made an exchange
sent extra beautiful diets that in fact
of crazy milk to make this mold me
we will get it out of this several come
quebraditas but this one that looks at her and
in tijuana or michael got to take out
molds
thank you look also beautiful or me
I want to eat
he sent me tandil
the little things
chocolatito mandate of keating
this beautiful little notebook with a little feather
kitty of pretty and a little
I send
these little things here
what are these umbrellas kitty comes
beautiful I love colors
thank you very much to me that you were not
with states this chulada milk and girls
what beauty
It is the necklace
and the earrings comes beautiful many
thank you very much friend is cool pimp
everything also sent me
in the memo for who they knew was
pending of the exchange all this
Take the gift command thank you very much
you also would not have bothered and this
will be part of the exchange this of my
melody loved the designs of the
little arrows are super super super cool
thank you very much this other from kitty
I just think it brings four design
different
and I think so
and this other look girls who beauty
many thank you very much friend I have been
delighted and go straight to my collection
this view I loved this design
yes all the colors well and girls that
beautiful also bring many many
thank you very nice everything this box
that I am going to show you and they are pieces
virginia and if you already have your channel
some super super nail designs
beautiful indeed here to see if you the
I will leave your channel
just like it 's from my little friend emily that
she also makes a makeup review and
Cosmetologist necklines and gives many good
good advice and I had measured a lot
I'm going to leave the link of your
miami channel for emery and that of
virginio ortiz here to visit the capital
to information well is what he sent me
she of the draw that wins me
cottage is ready to save
material thank you very much sent me
these paintings beautiful lines that I
they loved
that was also part of his part of
draw these are gel
It's so beautiful these other
look girls are paintings up to
bring them in the little bag that is
Well I loved to take off between a
between bag
thank you very much this other that also
is in gel in red
this spirit the flower
this is that look girls find good
pretty many thanks to lie and that's
glitter
and this the truth is that I loved it
thank you very much and this topic also extra
because he does not look at me and in the beautiful prize
beautiful as crystal live beautiful
many thank you very much and that cartita
here it is
and that's what they call amiguitas challenge
thank you very much very nice
I send a kiss and good is this little bag
that is here, my sister gave it to me
beautiful lovely
little kisses that this bag and
this kit and he gave me the yan to that
he brought it to me in las vegas I loved it well
pretty and when I came back aesthetically to me
Dad had me other
this other one is also a gift to me
paper
along with this other little girl who is already
brito
and these others with precision is not that what
found yesterday on wheels coming
being that as usual of things of
second hand and I here I found this
another one that I loved and I love it very much
because you can open them and the
half then I loved to decorate
a box with the code
and the two are the same I love
for decorating a small picture or a box to
mark pretty nice and this is the little bag
is a guy who wants you banks and for
bring one in the bag that I loved and
I am between you video video date of
mail and I 'm taking this one
this kit to make drafts girls
this is done in the sale in small stores
that I have just recorded the video of
purchase
I like it because it brings the molds 7-3 to
make your figurines of them from clay
cold as wool more than anything so
would enter the path for me and this other
that will have the advantage
and good girls this forum my gift that
I loved thank you very much and I'm going to
Send the goodies quickly to
they and two creations target creations
more and more if your channel is so medium
that was called there are the aforementioned
good girls it's all we see each other in a
next video they love God very much